examples/example-output-claude-sdk/linkedin.md, before:

---
title: "Anthropic Python SDK v0.79 — Fast Mode for Claude Opus 4.6"
created: 2026-02-16T10:00
platform: linkedin
status: draft
tags:
  - anthropic
  - python
  - sdk
  - claude
  - ai
  - developer-tools
  - open-source
---

The Anthropic Python SDK just shipped fast mode for Claude Opus 4.6, and the developer experience keeps getting better.

We've been iterating on the SDK steadily over the past few months. v0.79 adds a `speed` parameter so you can get faster output from Opus 4.6. Before that, v0.77 brought structured outputs to the Messages API: define a JSON schema, get typed responses back. And v0.76 added server-side tools to the tool runner.

The tool use workflow has evolved substantially. You decorate a Python function with `@beta_tool`, hand it to the tool runner, and the SDK handles the loop: calling the model, executing your function when requested, feeding results back. No manual orchestration.

A few other things worth knowing about: token counting before you send a request, message batches for bulk processing, and first-class support for Bedrock and Vertex if you're running Claude through AWS or GCP. The async story is solid too, with full parity between sync and async clients and aiohttp as an optional backend.

The SDK is generated via Stainless, which means the type coverage stays tight as the API surface grows. Every response comes back as a Pydantic model, and every parameter is typed.

If you're building with Claude in Python, the gap between "call an API" and "build something production-grade" keeps shrinking.

GitHub repo: https://github.com/anthropics/anthropic-sdk-python
PyPI: https://pypi.org/project/anthropic/
Docs: https://docs.anthropic.com/en/api/client-sdks/python

Commit message:

fix(shipit): persist generated drafts through review flow
Stream analysis/generation output directly to files to avoid losing content in
shell variables and make channel output deterministic.

- write analyze output straight to `briefing.md`
- save each channel generation to `_gen_<channel>.md` before review
- run review from the temp file content instead of in-memory blobs
- always copy original generated content on PASS, skipped review, or unknown
  review output
- on FAIL, apply corrections only when substantial; otherwise fall back to the
  original generation

Also updates `review.md` to use `--opus` and replaces the README demo TODO with
a clickable YouTube thumbnail.fix(shipit): persist generated drafts through review flow

Stream analysis/generation output directly to files to avoid losing content in
shell variables and make channel output deterministic.

- write analyze output straight to `briefing.md`
- save each channel generation to `_gen_<channel>.md` before review
- run review from the temp file content instead of in-memory blobs
- always copy original generated content on PASS, skipped review, or unknown
  review output
- on FAIL, apply corrections only when substantial; otherwise fall back to the
  original generation

Also updates `review.md` to use `--opus` and replaces the README demo TODO with
a clickable YouTube thumbnail.

examples/example-output-claude-sdk/linkedin.md, after:

---
title: "Anthropic Python SDK v0.79.0 — Fast Mode for Claude Opus 4.6"
created: 2026-02-16T10:00
platform: linkedin
status: draft
tags:
  - anthropic
  - python
  - sdk
  - claude
  - ai
  - developer-tools
  - open-source
---

The Anthropic Python SDK just shipped fast mode for Claude Opus 4.6, and the developer experience keeps getting better.

We've been steadily building out the SDK over the past few months, and v0.79.0 brings a new `speed` parameter that lets you trade off between thoroughness and latency on our most capable model. You can now pick full-depth reasoning when a problem demands it, or prioritize speed when you need answers fast.

But the recent releases go well beyond speed tuning. Structured outputs landed in v0.77, where you pass a JSON schema via `output_config` and get typed, validated responses back without prompt gymnastics. The `@beta_tool` decorator lets you define tools as plain Python functions with docstrings, and the SDK handles schema extraction and invocation automatically.

The part I keep coming back to is how thin the abstraction stays. It's `httpx` underneath with Pydantic models for everything, and sync and async clients share identical interfaces. Bedrock and Vertex integrations swap out auth and endpoints but use the same resource layer, so you're calling an API with good types rather than learning a framework.

Token counting without creating a message, auto-pagination, configurable retries with exponential backoff, SSE streaming with text accumulation. These are the details that separate a weekend prototype from production code, and the SDK handles them all out of the box.

If you're building with Claude in Python, the SDK is worth a fresh look.

**First comment:**
GitHub repo: https://github.com/anthropics/anthropic-sdk-python
Install: `pip install anthropic`
Docs: https://docs.anthropic.com/en/docs/sdks
