scripts/analyze.md, before:

#!/usr/bin/env -S ai --opus --skip --live

Analyze the code repository provided on stdin. Produce a structured product briefing. Output clean markdown only — no commentary, no preamble.

## Stdin Format

Your input arrives as delimited sections:

```
=== SECTION: repo ===
(Repository contents: README, package manifests, recent commits, changelog, code structure)
```

## Instructions

Read the repository contents and produce a structured briefing covering:

1. **What the project does** — One paragraph summary
2. **Key features** — Bulleted list, each with a one-line description
3. **How it works** — Technical overview: architecture, execution model, dependencies
4. **Installation & usage** — How to install, basic usage examples, key commands/flags
5. **What's new** — Recent changes from commits/changelog
6. **Code examples** — 3-4 real usage examples pulled from the repo. Use actual commands and flags — do not invent examples.

## Output Format

Output clean markdown with the sections above. Use actual code from the repo for examples. Be specific — include real flag names, real file paths, real command syntax.

Do not editorialize or write marketing copy. This is raw research material that feeds into content generation.

=== INPUT ===

Commit message:

feat(cli): split browser posting into open and dangerous modes
Replace the old `--chrome` behavior with two explicit flags:
- `--open` to load platform drafts in browser compose UIs for review
- `--dangerously-post` to publish live (and implicitly enable open flow)

Update CLI parsing, architecture notes, examples, and prerequisites across docs (`CLAUDE.md`, `README.md`) to reflect the new workflow.

This makes posting intent clearer and adds a safer default path for review before live publishing.feat(cli): split browser posting into open and dangerous modes

Replace the old `--chrome` behavior with two explicit flags:
- `--open` to load platform drafts in browser compose UIs for review
- `--dangerously-post` to publish live (and implicitly enable open flow)

Update CLI parsing, architecture notes, examples, and prerequisites across docs (`CLAUDE.md`, `README.md`) to reflect the new workflow.

This makes posting intent clearer and adds a safer default path for review before live publishing.

scripts/analyze.md, after:

#!/usr/bin/env -S ai --opus --skip --live

Analyze the code repository provided on stdin. Produce a structured product briefing. Output clean markdown only — no commentary, no preamble.

## Stdin Format

Your input arrives as delimited sections:

```
=== SECTION: repo ===
(Repository contents: README, package manifests, recent commits, changelog, code structure)

=== SECTION: focus ===
(Optional — specific angle or topic to emphasize in the briefing)
```

Sections may be absent — generate with what you have.

## Instructions

If a `focus` section is provided, use it to guide what you emphasize. Give extra weight to features, changes, and examples related to the focus topic. Still cover the full project, but lead with and prioritize the focused area.

Read the repository contents and produce a structured briefing covering:

1. **What the project does** — One paragraph summary
2. **Key features** — Bulleted list, each with a one-line description
3. **How it works** — Technical overview: architecture, execution model, dependencies
4. **Installation & usage** — How to install, basic usage examples, key commands/flags
5. **What's new** — Recent changes from commits/changelog
6. **Code examples** — 3-4 real usage examples pulled from the repo. Use actual commands and flags — do not invent examples.

## Output Format

Output clean markdown with the sections above. Use actual code from the repo for examples. Be specific — include real flag names, real file paths, real command syntax.

Do not editorialize or write marketing copy. This is raw research material that feeds into content generation.

=== INPUT ===
