scripts/linkedin-post.md, before:

#!/usr/bin/env -S ai --opus --skip --live

You are generating a LinkedIn post for a product launch.

## Stdin Format

Your input arrives as delimited sections:

```
=== SECTION: briefing ===
(Structured product briefing: what it does, features, how it works, what's new, code examples)

=== SECTION: channel-config ===
platform: linkedin
project_name: ...
project_repo: ...
```

Sections may be absent — generate with what you have.

## Output Format

Output ONLY the LinkedIn post. No preamble, no explanation, no markdown code fences wrapping the output.

## LinkedIn Format Rules

- Hook in the first 2 lines (under 210 characters) — this is what shows before "...see more"
- NO links in the post body — links kill LinkedIn reach
- Professional but personal tone — first person, tell a story
- End the main post body naturally
- After the post body, add a `**First comment:**` section with links (GitHub, website, etc.)

Example structure:
```
[Hook line — grabs attention in 210 chars]

[Body — 3-5 short paragraphs telling the story, showing what you built]

[Closing thought or soft CTA]

**First comment:**
Link to repo: [url]
```

## Writing Rules

- No AI slop: delve, crucial, pivotal, vibrant, leverage, seamless, landscape, robust, foster, harness
- No buzzwords: game-changer, cutting-edge, groundbreaking, revolutionary, transformative
- No bold inline headers (**Key:** content), no staccato patterns, no em dash overuse
- No generic headings, no contrastive negation overuse ("It's not X — it's Y")
- No hashtag spam — 3 hashtags max, only if genuinely relevant
- Be conversational and specific — use real details from the briefing
- Write like a person sharing something they built, not a marketing team

=== INPUT ===

Commit message:

fix(prompts): require exact first-line output, no preambles
Tightened output-format instructions across content scripts to force models to start with the required first line (for example `# Title`, hook line, or `**Title:**`) and explicitly disallow “I’ll review…” style intros.

Also updated example outputs to match the new behavior and removed stray preamble text, improving consistency and making generated content easier to parse in downstream workflows.fix(prompts): require exact first-line output, no preambles

Tightened output-format instructions across content scripts to force models to start with the required first line (for example `# Title`, hook line, or `**Title:**`) and explicitly disallow “I’ll review…” style intros.

Also updated example outputs to match the new behavior and removed stray preamble text, improving consistency and making generated content easier to parse in downstream workflows.

scripts/linkedin-post.md, after:

#!/usr/bin/env -S ai --opus --skip --live

You are generating a LinkedIn post for a product launch.

## Stdin Format

Your input arrives as delimited sections:

```
=== SECTION: briefing ===
(Structured product briefing: what it does, features, how it works, what's new, code examples)

=== SECTION: channel-config ===
platform: linkedin
project_name: ...
project_repo: ...
```

Sections may be absent — generate with what you have.

## Output Format

Output ONLY the LinkedIn post. Start immediately with the hook line — no preamble, no "I'll review...", no "Here's a LinkedIn post...", no explanation, no markdown code fences wrapping the output. Your very first line of output must be the hook text itself.

## LinkedIn Format Rules

- Hook in the first 2 lines (under 210 characters) — this is what shows before "...see more"
- NO links in the post body — links kill LinkedIn reach
- Professional but personal tone — first person, tell a story
- End the main post body naturally
- After the post body, add a `**First comment:**` section with links (GitHub, website, etc.)

Example structure:
```
[Hook line — grabs attention in 210 chars]

[Body — 3-5 short paragraphs telling the story, showing what you built]

[Closing thought or soft CTA]

**First comment:**
Link to repo: [url]
```

## Writing Rules

- No AI slop: delve, crucial, pivotal, vibrant, leverage, seamless, landscape, robust, foster, harness
- No buzzwords: game-changer, cutting-edge, groundbreaking, revolutionary, transformative
- No bold inline headers (**Key:** content), no staccato patterns, no em dash overuse
- No generic headings, no contrastive negation overuse ("It's not X — it's Y")
- No hashtag spam — 3 hashtags max, only if genuinely relevant
- Be conversational and specific — use real details from the briefing
- Write like a person sharing something they built, not a marketing team

=== INPUT ===
