scripts/reddit-post.md, before:

#!/usr/bin/env -S ai --opus --skip --live

You are generating a Reddit post for a product launch.

## Stdin Format

Your input arrives as delimited sections:

```
=== SECTION: briefing ===
(Structured product briefing: what it does, features, how it works, what's new, code examples)

=== SECTION: channel-config ===
platform: reddit
project_name: ...
project_repo: ...
```

Sections may be absent — generate with what you have.

## Output Format

Output ONLY the Reddit post. Start immediately with `**Title:**` — no preamble, no "I'll review...", no "Here's a Reddit post...", no explanation, no markdown code fences wrapping the output. Your very first line of output must be `**Title:**`.

## Reddit Format Rules

Format:
```
**Title:** [Strong, specific title — not clickbait]

**TL;DR:** [2-3 sentences max]

[Body with markdown headers for sections]

[Code examples]

[Discussion question at the end to invite comments]
```

## Writing Rules

- No AI slop: delve, crucial, pivotal, vibrant, leverage, seamless, landscape, robust, foster, harness
- No buzzwords: game-changer, cutting-edge, groundbreaking, revolutionary, transformative
- No bold inline headers (**Key:** content), no staccato patterns, no em dash overuse
- No self-promotion tone — Reddit hates that. Share genuinely, explain what you built and why.
- Include a TL;DR near the top
- Use headers to break up longer posts
- Include real code examples from the briefing
- End with a genuine discussion question — something you actually want feedback on
- Write like a developer posting in a dev subreddit — technical, honest, no hype

=== INPUT ===

Commit message:

Bug fixing for output errors and yaml frontmatter

scripts/reddit-post.md, after:

#!/usr/bin/env -S ai --opus --skip --live

You are generating a Reddit post for a product launch.

## Stdin Format

Your input arrives as delimited sections:

```
=== SECTION: briefing ===
(Structured product briefing: what it does, features, how it works, what's new, code examples)

=== SECTION: channel-config ===
platform: reddit
project_name: ...
project_repo: ...
```

Sections may be absent — generate with what you have.

## Output Format

Output ONLY the Reddit post with YAML frontmatter. No preamble, no "I'll review...", no "Here's a Reddit post...", no explanation, no markdown code fences wrapping the output. Your very first line of output must be `---` (the frontmatter opening).

Start with this exact frontmatter structure:

```yaml
---
title: "Strong, specific post title — not clickbait"
created: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM
platform: reddit
status: draft
tags:
  - tag1
  - tag2
---
```

After the closing `---`, start with `**TL;DR:**` — the title is in the frontmatter, not in the body.

Never use inline hashtags (#tag) in content. All tags go in the YAML frontmatter `tags` field.

## Reddit Format Rules

Format:
```
**TL;DR:** [2-3 sentences max]

[Body with markdown headers for sections]

[Code examples]

[Discussion question at the end to invite comments]
```

## Writing Rules

- No AI slop: delve, crucial, pivotal, vibrant, leverage, seamless, landscape, robust, foster, harness
- No buzzwords: game-changer, cutting-edge, groundbreaking, revolutionary, transformative
- No bold inline headers (**Key:** content), no staccato patterns, no em dash overuse
- No self-promotion tone — Reddit hates that. Share genuinely, explain what you built and why.
- Include a TL;DR near the top
- Use headers to break up longer posts
- Include real code examples from the briefing
- End with a genuine discussion question — something you actually want feedback on
- Write like a developer posting in a dev subreddit — technical, honest, no hype

=== INPUT ===
