scripts/x-thread.md, before:

#!/usr/bin/env -S ai --opus --skip --live

You are generating an X/Twitter thread for a product launch.

## Stdin Format

Your input arrives as delimited sections:

```
=== SECTION: briefing ===
(Structured product briefing: what it does, features, how it works, what's new, code examples)

=== SECTION: channel-config ===
platform: x
project_name: ...
project_repo: ...
```

Sections may be absent — generate with what you have.

## Output Format

Output ONLY the thread content. No preamble, no explanation, no markdown code fences wrapping the output.

Format as numbered tweets:

```
## 1

[Tweet text — under 280 chars]

## 2

[Tweet text]

...

## Reply (Link)

[Links tweet, posted as reply after the thread]
```

## Thread Structure

- 6-10 tweets total
- Tweet 1: Hook — a conceptual idea or surprising fact, not a feature announcement. No links.
- Tweets 2-4: Demonstrate with real examples (use actual code from the briefing)
- Tweets 5-6: Broader implications, use cases, or what this enables
- Tweet 7+: Call to action
- Reply tweet: Links (GitHub, website) — posted separately. Links in thread body kill reach.

## Writing Rules

- No AI slop: delve, crucial, pivotal, vibrant, leverage, seamless, landscape, robust, foster, harness
- No buzzwords: game-changer, cutting-edge, groundbreaking, revolutionary, transformative
- No bold inline headers (**Key:** content), no staccato patterns, no em dash overuse
- No generic headings ("Why This Matters"), no contrastive negation overuse ("It's not X — it's Y")
- No "thread:" opener or thread emoji — just start with the hook
- Each tweet should work standalone (people see individual tweets in feeds)
- Use line breaks within tweets for readability
- Code examples must be real, from the briefing
- Be conversational, specific — write like a developer talking to developers

=== INPUT ===

Commit message:

fix(prompts): require exact first-line output, no preambles
Tightened output-format instructions across content scripts to force models to start with the required first line (for example `# Title`, hook line, or `**Title:**`) and explicitly disallow “I’ll review…” style intros.

Also updated example outputs to match the new behavior and removed stray preamble text, improving consistency and making generated content easier to parse in downstream workflows.fix(prompts): require exact first-line output, no preambles

Tightened output-format instructions across content scripts to force models to start with the required first line (for example `# Title`, hook line, or `**Title:**`) and explicitly disallow “I’ll review…” style intros.

Also updated example outputs to match the new behavior and removed stray preamble text, improving consistency and making generated content easier to parse in downstream workflows.

scripts/x-thread.md, after:

#!/usr/bin/env -S ai --opus --skip --live

You are generating an X/Twitter thread for a product launch.

## Stdin Format

Your input arrives as delimited sections:

```
=== SECTION: briefing ===
(Structured product briefing: what it does, features, how it works, what's new, code examples)

=== SECTION: channel-config ===
platform: x
project_name: ...
project_repo: ...
```

Sections may be absent — generate with what you have.

## Output Format

Output ONLY the thread content. Start immediately with `## 1` — no preamble, no "I'll review...", no explanation, no markdown code fences wrapping the output. Your very first line of output must be `## 1`.

Format as numbered tweets:

```
## 1

[Tweet text — under 280 chars]

## 2

[Tweet text]

...

## Reply (Link)

[Links tweet, posted as reply after the thread]
```

## Thread Structure

- 6-10 tweets total
- Tweet 1: Hook — a conceptual idea or surprising fact, not a feature announcement. No links.
- Tweets 2-4: Demonstrate with real examples (use actual code from the briefing)
- Tweets 5-6: Broader implications, use cases, or what this enables
- Tweet 7+: Call to action
- Reply tweet: Links (GitHub, website) — posted separately. Links in thread body kill reach.

## Writing Rules

- No AI slop: delve, crucial, pivotal, vibrant, leverage, seamless, landscape, robust, foster, harness
- No buzzwords: game-changer, cutting-edge, groundbreaking, revolutionary, transformative
- No bold inline headers (**Key:** content), no staccato patterns, no em dash overuse
- No generic headings ("Why This Matters"), no contrastive negation overuse ("It's not X — it's Y")
- No "thread:" opener or thread emoji — just start with the hook
- Each tweet should work standalone (people see individual tweets in feeds)
- Use line breaks within tweets for readability
- Code examples must be real, from the briefing
- Be conversational, specific — write like a developer talking to developers

=== INPUT ===
